All right.
It's time to get started with our hacker news project now.
The first thing we're gonna do is we're gonna set up our environment.
In my case for this project I'm going to use Sublime Text but again use whatever text editor you want.
I also have my terminal or command prompt here and I've created a scrape.
Dot py file.
Now the very first thing we need to do in order to scrape using Python is.
Well we need to download beautiful soup.
This is what allows us to scrape Web sites.
So all I'm going to do is a pip three and I want to install beautiful soup for.
This is the latest version I'll click enter and there you go awesome.
We have beautiful soup installed.
The other thing that we need is the requests library.
Now we're gonna use the request library a lot in this course.
If you don't have it on your computer already.
Again we just use it using requests.
It essentially allows us to grab a CML files like Hacker News.
So what we're going to do is say Pip 3 install requests so once we have that what we're going to do
and I'm going to show you why we had to download both.
First thing we're going to do is to actually import request or requests and the other thing is the beautiful
soup.
Now the way we use beautiful soup is we say from B S for we want to import beautiful soup.
I know it's kind of weird because we installed beautiful soup for but this is how we import it.
Once we've installed it so from beans for import beautiful soup now why do we need these two things.
Well beautiful soup actually allows us to use the AC Mel and grab different data so it allows us to
use that data that we've gathered to do whatever we want to it to scrape it.
But the requests module is actually what allows us to download initially that Asia now.
So let me show you what I mean.
The first thing we're going to do is create a new response variable and this response will be the requests
and the U.R.L. that we want to grab the data from.
So you can think of this as a web browser that we're using without the actual window because this is
what Google Chrome is doing underneath the hood.
It's trying to grab the information of that Web site from a server.
So let's go back here and let's go to hack and use again.
We're gonna copy this link and I'm going to paste it in here.
There you go.
Let's make this a little bit bigger like that and what we actually need to do here is to say dot get.
So we want to get the information here.
So we're doing a get request to grab this page.
So that now if let's say a print response I say this and I run by saying Python 3 scraped up by all
right I get a response a 200 response.
But.
Mm hmm.
Well what does that mean.
What we're essentially doing here is if I open up view developer and do developer tools I click on network
here and let's make this a little bit bigger.
There we go and I refresh this page I get a lot of information.
But the main thing that we care about is this the first document news here.
If I click over here you see that this is what we get.
We get an HMO with all the data but we also saw here that the response was two hundred.
That means everything's OK.
The server responded with two hundred and eight gave us a document.
This is what we just got.
So in here we can actually say response dot text that we got.
So let me run this again and look at that.
We have our entire HMO file that displays the text in here because we don't care about styling right.
We don't really care about styling maybe we don't even care about images.
All we care about is the text.
And for our purposes we care about the actual link as well as the votes that the story has so we grab
this data.
And now while we can do is use beautiful soup to clean up this data right now there's this is a lot
of information we don't really need this do we or at least we want to remove all the information that
we don't need such as stories that have less than 100 points for example this one over here with one
hundred and seventy six points.
We definitely care about so.
Let's take a break and see how we can use beautiful soup next.